[opening theme song playing]
KOTARO LIVES ALONE
-[sighs]
-[kids clamoring]
[sniffles]
Oh, I left my tissues at home.
The Super Rio ones.
Here. Wanna use my Mun Mun Ranger ones.
[girl] No. Use mine. They're Hi Kichu.
Thanks a lot, you guys.
[Kotaro] Sir Takuya,
may I offer my tissues as well?
Oh. What kind of tissues do you have?
These are "Soft Moisturizing Tissues."
[cute music playing]
Moisturizing?
They're not very cute though.
[boy] So plain.
How come your tissues
don't have cartoons on them?
[Kotaro] What are we looking for?
[Kotaro] Tissues.
Hey there, Kotaro.
How are you today?
Very well. Thank you.
Guess what?
Those tissues that you recommended
the other day? They're in stock.
[Kotaro] At last!
[Karino] Recommended?
NEW ARRIVAL
SOFT TISSUES 1 BOX 312 YEN
[Karino] 312 yen per box? That's insane!
They're actually here.
[woman grunts]
[woman] Kotaro,
have you tried this one yet?
No. I do not believe so.
I've never seen this brand.
I like them 'cause they're so silky.
It's a bit pricey, but so worth it.
-Oh. It must be quality ingredients.
-[twinkling]
[Karino] Why does he care
about tissue ingredients?
[woman] They're super fluffy,
and they smell amazing.
'Tis important for a tissue to smell good.
And to be soft as well.
[woman] Mm-hmm.
[Karino] What is up
with all this talk about tissues?
[woman] …nice and subtle.
[Kotaro] You really should have purchased
the same tissues as me, Sir Karino.
They are a quality product.
I'm good.
I'll stick to my regular,
cheap five-pack of tissues.
Expensive tissues are much softer.
They are known as "moisture-rich" tissues.
They contain absorbing ingredients
like glycerin and sorbitol,
which suck up moisture from the air.
It makes them
the best tissue brand on the market.
Plus, it makes the tissue sweet.
They're sweet?
Does he mean the smell?
I guess those tissues he gave us
when he moved in were pretty pricey.
I've never met a four-year-old
who was so picky about tissues.
Strange kid.
[dramatic music playing]
[host] Coming up next, it's "Truth Time."
So tell me something true about you.
Something true about me, huh?
Let me think.
I remember when I was little,
there was a time when I was all alone
'cause my parents stopped coming home.
[host] That's terrible.
[man] I had no one
to depend on. No money, no food…
[host] What did you do?
[man] I was so hungry that, after a while,
I ate the tissues in the house
just to keep from starving.
[host] Tissues?
[man] Yeah.
Tissues can taste pretty sweet
when you're hungry.
[host] They taste sweet?
[Kotaro] Plus, it makes the tissues sweet.
[Karino] The other day.
[Kotaro] Hmm?
[Karino] The tissues that you bought,
did they taste sweet?
They are a good brand. Probably.
The ones I had
before then were very sweet.
[Karino] Hmm?
Look at these ingredients!
They are high-quality
and chock full of nutrients.
[gasps]
[Karino] Here. Just take
these cheaper ones to the register.
You're not alone,
so you don't need to eat tissues anymore.
Which means the ingredients don't matter.
You're right.
I am not alone.
-[sizzling]
-[alarm beeps]
Thank you for this food.
First,
are you well-marinated,
Sir Meat and Potatoes?
Sir Egg Cake
is beautifully golden, as always.
And Sir Kinpira Gobo
looks deliciously crunchy.
[chomping]
[muffled] And you, do you think
that you're tender enough?
[doorbell rings]
[calm music playing]
[Kotaro] What can I do for you?
Here. The bulletin.
[Kotaro] Ah, yes. Many thanks.
[Karino] Whoa!
You used every plate you owned?
That is a whole lot of food.
[Kotaro] Is it? I always eat like this.
You do?
[Mizuki] There you are!
Kotaro, Karino, do you have the clipboard?
Good evening, Lady Mizuki.
[Mizuki] I wanted to sign up
for that new yoga class.
Whoa! Look at that.
Did you make all that food yourself?
Aye.
Well, it just smells incredible.
-Do you think I could try some?
-[Kotaro] But of course.
Uh, really?
Woohoo! Score!
And I can totally pay you back
for the ingredients.
Hey. Do you think
you got room for one more?
[sighs] No, sir.
Uh…
[Karino] Is it just me,
or is it weird that he made
all that food just for himself?
Yeah. It was so much food.
But it tasted so good!
And why does he own so many dishes?
It must suck
having to wash them all every night.
Maybe he's particular
about the plating as well as the taste.
[Karino] Yeah, right.
[door closes]
[alarm beeps]
[upbeat music playing]
Salutations!
Hi!
It smells so good in there!
Can I help with anything?
That is most kind of you.
However, tonight you are my guest.
Please come in and relax.
[all] Okay!
Man, I've been looking forward
to a home-cooked meal all day long.
[Mizuki giggles]
And it sure sounds
like there'll be plenty of food.
Yeah. I didn't realize
this would be a buffet.
But it turns out
he always cooks that much.
I'm starving. I can't wait!
-I bet he makes at least ten plates.
-[plate clanks]
Food is served.
[all exclaiming]
[Kotaro] Please help yourselves.
[all] Huh?
[Mizuki] It looks delicious,
but one plate?
[Isamu] This isn't the feast
I was promised.
[Karino] There's gotta be more
coming after this. Right?
Apologies.
I completely forgot the final touches.
[Karino] See?
I knew there were more dishes.
-[clanking]
-[piano music playing]
Huh?
I have curated
some lovely background music.
[all] Background music?
[Karino] He's being the perfect host, but…
Kotaro, is this the only dish you made?
[Isamu grunts] Hey, Karino!
What is your problem?
Didn't anyone ever teach you manners?
I just meant--
Just what is the matter with you?
Believe me when I tell you
this meat and vegetable stir-fry
is absolutely delicious!
[all sigh]
-[dishes clattering]
-[all] Thank you for the food!
[Kotaro] Bon appetit!
[all chomping]
[muffled] It's so good!
Yeah. I can't complain.
[Mizuki] Mmm.
[muffled] I can't believe
how good this is!
-[Isamu] Mmm! [chuckles]
-[Mizuki] So flavorful!
Aye. This is how one
should always spend dinner,
in the company of their friends
instead of extra food.
Tonight I don't need dishes
to keep me company.
Uh, are you okay?
[Kotaro] 'Tis nothing.
I'm pleased you are enjoying your meal.
I could eat ten more bowls of this stuff!
Yeah! I could eat more bowls too!
[Kotaro] Is that so?
In that case, who would like seconds?
-Seconds!
-Me too.
[Kotaro] Indeed.
-[Mizuki giggling]
-[Karino] Can I get more too?
[Mizuki munching, giggling]
[music stops]
A LATER DAY
Thank you for this food.
Okay, Sir Hijiki.
-[insects chittering]
-[birds chirping]
ACTOR KOTARO/NIGHT OF A STAR SHOWER
[sighs]
[woman] Time to start the day.
[woman] I'm exhausted.
There's so much to do
and not enough time to do it all.
Come on. Pull yourself together!
[grunts]
I need to put on a happy face
in front of the kids!
-Smile! Smile!
-[cute music playing]
Hi!
Today we'll be picking our characters
for the Parents Day assembly!
[kids] Okay!
[woman] I'll write all the roles down
on the chalkboard.
The first one is Bear!
I just realized
there's one student in my class
who I never see smile.
[giggling] Kotaro hasn't smiled once
in the whole time I've known him.
[gasps] Is he just bored of kindergarten?
No. I've seen him
sing and dance with everyone else.
-Maybe he thinks I'm boring.
-[Kotaro] Lady Teacher.
Yes, Kotaro.
Did you have a question for me?
I would like to play the role
of the Smiling Sun, if you please.
-[woman] What?
-[kids] Huh?
[woman] He wants to play
the character that's always smiling.
Is he serious?
Do you really think
you can play a character that smiles?
Of course.
I am very good at fake smiling.
-Oh.
-[kids] Oh.
[footsteps approaching]
[woman chuckles]
[twinkling]
-[kids] Whoa!
-[cute music playing]
-[woman] Is he…
-[lightning cracks]
He's actually smiling!
[gasps]
[woman] He really does have a great smile.
Well, would you look at you, Kotaro.
Who would have guessed?
-[Karino] Huh? What about his face?
-[insects chittering]
Like how his face looks
when he's at home. You know?
Well, I guess
he always kinda looks like that.
-I think I've only seen him smile once.
-And Tonosaman won the day.
Oh. Only one time?
Well, today
when we were picking Parents Day roles,
Kotaro asked if he could play
the role of the Smiling Sun.
He said he was good at fake smiling.
But I don't want him to feel
like he needs to fake a smile.
I just hope he's enjoying kindergarten
like the others.
Yeah. I know.
I sorta get it, though. The whole
"needing to put on a fake smile" thing.
So when I was just
a few years older than him,
I went through a pretty rough time.
-That's when I lost both of my parents.
-[boys yelling]
At first, I sorta shut down
and started acting
like nothing bothered me.
I have a feeling
that he may be doing the same thing.
You know, like,
just going through the motions.
I wonder if he's trying to act the way
he thinks that people
around him want him to.
[melancholy music playing]
[inaudible]
[indistinct chatter]
Did you see? I remembered all my…
Great job today! You were wonderful!
A perfect smile.
My thanks. You're very kind.
I thought
maybe you could show us that smile
even when you're not in the play?
I find it easier to fake a smile.
I think you might be the same as I am.
[woman] What?
It is hard to smile all day long,
especially when you are feeling tired.
So, sometimes you make yourself smile.
How do…
[gasps]
I see through the fake smile.
[sighs]
[giggles]
So you see through me?
Indeed, but I won't tell.
Thank you, Kotaro.
[crickets chirping]
[man] Hey, newbie,
we're gonna grab a bite to eat after work.
You should come with us. Dinner's on me.
[man 2] I can't today.
-[man] Hmm?
-[man 2] I already have plans.
[man] Plans?
[man 2] Yep. I'm going on a hike.
[man] Who goes hiking at night?
[man 2] I don't, usually,
but tonight's the Perseid meteor shower.
And I promised a friend
I'd go watch it with them.
Though,
I don't know if he'll remember.
[clattering]
[man 2 hums Tonosaman tune]
♪ Yes, it is me ♪
♪ Here to save the day again ♪
[both singing] ♪ Slash, slash, slash! ♪
♪ I am super strong and kind ♪
♪ I'm the strongest there is ♪
♪ Tonosaman ♪
[man 2] Long time no see, Kotaro.
[Kotaro] It has been
a long time, indeed, Sir Ryota.
It's late for you to be out alone.
I could've picked you up.
'Twas not a problem.
Besides, you came here straight
from work. Is that right?
Yeah.
I'm a carpenter now.
It's pretty cool, actually.
And it definitely puts food on the table.
I'm 18, so I'm out on my own now.
[crickets chirping]
Sir Ryota,
I want to apologize
for running away from the group home
without saying goodbye.
It was quite rude.
You all deserved much better than that.
It wasn't your fault.
We heard your dad tracked you down.
You did what you had to do
to keep yourself safe.
So don't you worry about it.
Besides, you remembered our promise
about watching the meteor shower.
All is forgiven.
[Kotaro] Do you like stars, Sir Ryota?
Yeah. Check out
some of these pictures I took.
-[camera beeps]
-See?
Not bad for a little camera.
[melancholy music playing]
[camera beeping]
Beautiful!
I like the stars too.
Tonosaman wears a star on his chest.
Tonosaman?
Cool, I guess.
How about from now on,
when I take pictures you come too.
[Kotaro] Mm-hmm.
Nice! And I'll teach you
how to use the camera.
[camera shutter clicks]
The camera memory is almost full.
Yeah. I bet.
You wanna show 'em to Tasuku later?
Aye.
We'd better go.
If we stay out here too long,
they'll think we ran away.
Kotaro, guess what?
Next summer, we should be able
to see the Perseid meteor shower
pretty clearly from up here.
Oh wow!
If you want, we could come back up here
and watch it together?
Would you like to come with me?
[gasps]
Aye!
[Kotaro] I promise!
Sir Ryota.
There is something else
I need to apologize for.
When I left the group home,
I took your camera with me.
I just wanted something to remember.
I'm very sorry.
[camera beeping]
Oh man. Look at all these.
We sure took a lot of pictures
back then. Didn't we?
How about I give you the memory card?
You can keep all of the pictures we took
because the memories
are what you really wanted. Right?
This is yours now, Kotaro.
Here.
You are too kind!
[Ryota] Hey. Look, Kotaro!
[gasps]
[Ryota] Shooting stars!
They're beautiful!
[Ryota] And I couldn't have asked
for a better person to watch this with.
-[camera shutter clicking]
-[Kotaro] I am as well!
[bird calling]
SHOGAKUSHA
[man] Hmm.
[whimsical music playing]
For you, sir.
I come bearing Sir Karino's manuscript.
[man] Why?
Where's Karino?
[Kotaro] My dear neighbor
is incapacitated due to a sudden cold.
[straining] Manuscript…
Need to take it to the… [groans]
As he was in no shape to work,
I have put him to bed
and have come in his place.
[man] I would've picked it up if he asked.
So you came out here on your own?
Isn't that dangerous?
No. I do not believe he is contagious.
I feel quite well.
[chuckles dryly]
May I ask you,
are you working on a Sunday
because you find yourself
in financial trouble?
[man chuckles dryly]
[man] No.
We sometimes have tight deadlines to meet.
So, I come in to work on the weekends.
I see. You must be very busy.
Working these long hours
is probably very tiring for you.
-Is that why you always look so worn out?
-[chuckles dryly]
Eating is vital when you are busy.
Are you sure that you are eating properly?
[man chuckles dryly]
When did he become my doctor?
Yes. I'm okay.
My wife takes extremely good care of me.
-What?
-Hmm?
You were able to get married?
[man chuckling dryly]
[man] What do you mean?
Just that, you've spent so much time
getting good at your job.
[man] And that means I'm a bad husband?
-You know, I have kids too?
-[music stops]
-[man] Uh…
-[Kotaro] You should go home immediately!
If you spend every Sunday working,
then I'm sure your kids really miss you.
Go home immediately!
[man chuckles dryly]
I think I hit a nerve.
Hmm.
Would you like to take a field trip?
[Kotaro] Hmm?
The editing department
for the kids' magazine is at my house.
There's some pretty cool toys
and stuff over there.
I do not require more toys.
[man] Too bad. I think we have
some Tonosaman merch.
[whimsical music playing]
Then we are off.
But after perusing said merch,
I will take my leave of you.
[man chuckles dryly]
[twinkling]
[Kotaro] I am overwhelmed, good sir.
You have held up
your end of our agreement.
Thus, I will go.
[man chuckles dryly] He loves this stuff.
We have an arcade game
in the back if you would like.
There is no time. I must go home.
[game trilling]
[grunting]
You having fun?
[gasps]
Do not read into this!
I am only checking the quality of the--
[chuckles dryly]
If you want, I think we have a life-sized
Tonosaman around here somewhere.
[fanfare]
[camera shutter clicking]
This is the Happy Dance Tonosaman doll
from the premiere of season one.
-I have never seen it up close.
-[twinkling]
It is amazing!
Uh… [groans]
[sighing]
[Kotaro] Good sir,
you should be spending this time
with your children, not me.
I am doing them a great disservice
by keeping you from them.
[man] Hmm.
Always worried about everyone else.
[bird chirping]
[Karino] I am so sorry about Sunday.
I must have passed out.
It's not like me.
[chuckles dryly]
It was very nice of Kotaro
to bring the manuscript.
He said you showed him the merchandise
in the editing department,
but he seemed a bit sad, though.
[man] I didn't mean to make him feel bad.
What's that?
You know
I have a wife and kids. Don't you?
What? What?!
[man] Don't look so shocked. Whatever.
You might not notice it
because you don't have kids of your own,
but Kotaro's so mature
that he doesn't behave
like the other kids his age.
[sighs] I thought it might be good
for him to have some fun.
To be able
to act like a kid for a little while.
Kids shouldn't have to be so mature.
They should just enjoy their childhood.
[emotional music playing]
Bye. Don't forget your deadline.
Yep.
[door creaks]
[Kotaro] Excuse me, good sir.
[man] What's up, Kotaro?
What can I do for you?
[birds chirping]
I can come back over on a weekday.
[man chuckles dryly]
[squeaking, screeching]
[sizzling]
I was wondering where you've been.
Wanna try a free sample hotdog?
They're pretty good.
SHIMIZU WIENERS MADE IN JAPAN
135 YEN (TAX INCLUDED)
I will purchase all of them.
[Karino] What?
Uh…
What, seriously?
[horn honks]
[woman] That's a lot of food.
[shopping carts clattering]
[Kotaro] Madam Food Sample Lady!
Hmm? Kotaro? Did you forget something?
No. I was worried.
-Hmm?
-[Kotaro] About the state of your stomach.
Oh, why this is…
Is your employer forcing you to eat
all the food that is left over
at the end of the day?
Hmm?
[Kotaro] I noticed that you have gained
a fair amount of weight in a short time.
[calm music playing]
[woman chuckles]
[car starting]
-A baby?
-[woman chuckles]
That's right!
I promise you no one is forcing me
to eat the things I can't sell.
Is that why you've been buying
so much food every day?
Indeed.
You're not teasing me. Are you?
No. It's the truth.
But your stomach… It isn't a peach?
[xylophone playing childish tune]
[calm music playing]
[laughs]
Don't tell me
you're talking about that old folktale.
[chuckles]
You must not laugh at folktales.
They are very educational.
[giggles] I'm sorry. You're right. Okay?
Except peaches don't make babies,
love's what does.
When a mommy and daddy
love each other very much,
they can make a baby in the mommy's tummy.
[indistinct chatter]
[Kotaro] Is that how I was born?
Of course!
You were born from the love
between your mom and your dad!
All babies are.
I… I see.
This one has already brought
so much joy to me and his dad.
What a gift!
Was I a gift?
[woman] You were born from the love
between your mom and your dad!
All babies are.
This one has already brought
so much joy to me and his dad.
What a gift!
Hanbe my friend,
can you recall memories of your mother
and father being in love with each other?
I don't remember any of that.
If a child's true purpose
is to bring their parents joy…
[bird calling]
…I wonder if I ever fulfilled
that role for my parents.
[banging]
-[melancholy music playing]
-[bird chirping]
As always, Lady Kobayashi, thank you
for bringing by this week's allowance.
Yes, of course!
This is for you.
[Ayano] It's very sweet of you.
Another candy bar
and seven days worth of journal entries
written to the generous donor.
Uh, an eighth page?
"I will do my best to bring joy."
What does that mean?
[grunting]
[ending theme song playing]
[music fades]